# Assignment1
This is assignment 1 for NYU CyberFellows AppSec class.


Total 100 pts.Week 1: SetupCompletion time – 1 to 2 hoursIn order to complete this assignment, you are required to use the git VCS. Before beginning to write your code, you should first install git and set up a git repository to store your code in. The git binaries can be installed by your local package manager or at https://git-scm.com/downloads.For a cheat-sheet of git commands, please see https://github.com/nyutandononline/CLI-Cheat-Sheet/blob/master/git-commands.md. Although we will not be checking your commit messages or git log, it is recommended that you write descriptive commit messages so that the evolution ofyour repository is easy to understand. For a guide to writing good commit messages, please read https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/ and https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/git/git.git/tree/Documentation/SubmittingPatches#n104 (lines 104 – 160). After git is installed, you will want to configure your git user to sign your commits. This can be done by following the guide at https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work.After installing and configuring git, you should then create a GitHub account at https://github.com, and add an ssh key using the guide found at https://help.github.com/en/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account.After creating a GitHub account, you are ready to create a git repository for the project you will be working on. The recommended way to do this is to create a repository using the GitHub Webinterface. This is recommended because it can automatically generate important files for you, such as the license for your project and the gitignore file to avoid unintentionally tracking unnecessary files. After you create the repository on GitHub, you can clone it to your local machine using the following command.$ git clone git@github.com:<your_username>/<your_repository_name>.gitThe next step is to set up Travis CI. To do this, go to https://travis-ci.org and authorize Travis to link with your GitHub account. After this, you should create a .travis.yml file in the root of your repository. For information on how to set up a .travis.yml file, you can read the Travis tutorial (https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/tutorial/) and the guide to using Travis with C and C++ (https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/languages/c/).Finally, you are required to set up Travis CI. This will take the form of creating a .travis.yml file which will contain the settings for Travis. More information about the .travis.yaml file for C projects can be found at https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/languages/c/. In Week 3 you will be expanding the functionality of Travis by including tests. By the end of Week 3, you should also include your Travis status button, as demonstrated at https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/status-2
images/.This assignment requires you to use a Hash map. For this project, we require that you use the Hash map hosted at the GitHub linked below. You should not modify this Hash map and you do not need to submit these files when you submit your program.Hash map:  https://github.com/kcg295/AppSecAssignment1Week 2Completion time – 3 to 10 hours depending on experience.In part one of this project, you are tasked with writing a spell checker system in C. Your spell checker is expected to take as arguments a text file to check and dictionary file (which we provide, see the setup section above). It should be run as follows (this is just an example):$ ./spell_check a_tale_of_two_cities.txt wordlist.txtYour function to check the correctness of the words provided should be based on hash maps. When reading the dictionary file, you should populate a hash map with the words from the dictionary. Whenever you are checking if a word is spelled correctly, you can check to see if there exists an entry in the hash map.Your program should contain at least three functions, a function to load the list of words into the hash map (called load_dictionary), a function to check if a word is correctly spelled (called check_word), and a function called check_words to tie them all together. The parameter to check_words will be a file pointer containing lines of words separated by spaces, punctuation, etc. The function prototypes are as follows1:int check_words(FILE* fp, hashmap_t hashtable[], char* misspelled[]);bool load_dictionary(const char* dictionary_file, hashmap_t hashtable[]);bool check_word(const char* word, hashmap_t hashtable[]);These function prototypes are provided in the file dictionary.h provided to you. All of the code you write must be in a file called spell.c. This is required for the autograder to correctly grade your code. You should also create a main function to tie it all together, but this does not need to be submitted as part of the assignment.Note: the C string dictionary_file is expected to be a filename. You must open this file and 1We provide the function prototypes so we can use automatic graders. These function prototypes are required.3
handle the input from it.In addition to the development of this program, you are required to install git and create a GitHub account. Information on installing git can be found in the setup section. After creating a new repository, you should clone the new repository to your local machine.In addition to these requirements and recommendations, you will need a dictionary of correctly spelled English words. We require that you use the list of words used by aspell. To get this list of words, first install aspell and the aspell-en word list using your distribution’s package manager. Then generate the word list using the following command.$ aspell dump master > wordlist.txtUsing a single word list allows us to uniformly grade all projects on equal footing, and ensures that nobody gets a poor grade because of a poor choice of dictionary file.After finishing your program, you should analyze it using valgrind. You can download Valgrind from your distribution’s package manager, or from valgrind.org. Be sure to fix any bugs that you discover from the output of Valgrind.After you complete the program, you must add the following to your write-up.•Your repository link•exactly how the program works•The output of Valgrind•what bugs you expect may exist in your code•why those bugs might occur•what steps you took to mitigate or fix those bugs. Week 3Completion time – 3 to 5 hours depending on experience.In part two of this assignment you are tasked with expanding the tests for the code you developed in part one. This will take two major forms, writing and running new tests and fuzzing your program. When testing your program, be sure to attempt to get good code coverage, and tests for both common cases and potential edge cases your functions may encounter. For example, when a spell checking system is called on a string of characters that are all numeric, the spell checking system should determine that this “word” is spelled correctly. This, and other cases like this, are good things to ensure using tests.  Don’t forgtet to integrate these tests with Travis by editing your .travis.yml file and running the tests in the “script” section. Please also place a Travis status image on your project’s README file. Instructions to add the button can be found at https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/status-images/.4
